Eventually your vote will be a non-fungible token with locked content that contains who and what you voted for. When you sell that NFT to the individuals who count the vote, they will pay you for having fully ranked the choices.
The taxpayer pays an individual more if she answers the questions about how she provided work that improved environmental health. Pay at election time or throughout the year.
An individual stores encrypted all of her documents to prove her environmental impact through a portal like the one I am developing at https://github.com/elisabethgreen/polluter-payer-healthcare/blob/main/pay.htm and posted at http://green247.org/pay.htm on my website.
She uses the calculator I am developing at  (https://github.com/ElisabethGreen/impact/blob/main/impact.htm) and displaying at http://green247.org/calculator.htm to estimate her environmental impact. 
A ledger keeps track of lifetime environmental debt and credit.
If there is a claim of fraudulent electoral process, then you can also sell your vote to a nonprofit organization of individuals who will perform a recount. Only those who have purchased your vote NFT have access to the locked content.
You have a right to life and, in some states, you have a right to clean air and water and a livable habitat. The climate positive has the right to live in a healthy ecosystem. Individuals who pollute the environment have violated that right. If housing is required, then the climate positive individual has the right to purchase a home where the environment is healthy. Supposing an individual is indebted to the environment by at least 100 tons of carbon dioxide emissions and makes a home available for $1 million, and you don’t have $1 million but you have 100 carbon credits. You can still afford to purchase that home. The owner of a vacant home must either sell that home to you for 100 carbon credits, which is equal to at least $1 million, or buy your 100 carbon credits for $1 million and keep the home and maybe sell it to someone else. 
Use Byzantine fault tolerance for a three-way swap, with a bank that needs the carbon credit and has a defaulted mortgage and the mortgagee, to get the mortgage off of their credit history and transfer the home to the carbon creditor.
A homeowner may convert the deed into real estate NFT that is an automated agent which is a smart contract that might for example be connected to an oracle that notifies of any law within the jurisdiction of the home that the property can be subdivided. The automated agent automatically subdivides the property into as many subdivisions as possible transferring each subdivision into an NFT, thereby fractionating the original NFT into the subdivision NFTs. Another example is the carbon creditor who is ready to purchase a home with carbon credit being notified by an oracle whenever a home owner is willing to sell a property in exchange for carbon credit, and then automatically purchases the home if certain circumstances are met. The NFT is an automated agent in that the contract specifies that the NFTs that represent carbon credit are transferred, whole or fractionated, to pay the seller’s price. For example, if the seller is selling the home for $105,000 then the smart contract would transfer 10 carbon credits and immediately fractionate the 11th carbon credit NFT into two NFTs worth $5,000 each and would thus transfer the equivalent of 10 1/2 carbon credits in exchange for the home.
Cite:  copyright 2023 by Elisabeth Green. The license is CC by NC SA.
